For this project, there is 3 files, driver.py, logger.py, and encryption.py. Please make sure that you download all these into the same directory/folder. You will use this in the command line, where the three files are in the same directory the terminal is reading from. Use the command: “python driver.py ‘filename’.txt” to run the file correctly. It will only work on the command line, and filename is interchangable. When this command is running, it will create a new text file that will be written to during the session or being appended to based on the filename and if it already exists or not. Driver handles the user input, and changes what happens based on the user input. Every command is given to the logger and encryption file, and they will handle their respective business in those files. The logger will receive the action and description of what happened based on the user input and move to a function to pass it to the logger file. The encryption file will receive a password and set it as the key for future encryption and decryption, or receive something to encrypt or decrypt in the file. If the user wants something from the previous entry, it will loop through all the previous results, output them to the user, and ask the user which index they want or if they want to enter different text. Driver will close the files once quit runs, and give logger one last entry to go through, and simply break out of encryption file. Encryption file is simply using the vignere cipher to encrypt and decrypt, based on what is passed to it. I will set the password given to it as a key if there is not one set. It will also check to make sure there is a password set in case this is a history set. Lastly, result will be output to the user based on the function passed. Has a bit of base case to ensure nothing fishy happens in the file. Logger is the most simple of all the files. It will set a timestamp for everything given, and read the action and description given to it from the driver file. It will open a new file given from the driver.py, and start appending to it based on the log function in the driver. If the action quit happens, it will give a special thing to append to the file and close it for now. 
